docs: update gko docs with context secret ref (#879)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/kubernetes/apim-kubernetes-operator-user-guide-management-context.adoc

You can create multiple Management Contexts, each targeting a specific environment and defined in a specific organization of a management API instance.

> A Management Context can authenticate to your management API instance by using either basic authentication or a bearer token. Authentication credentials may either be inlined in the Management Context definition or referenced from a Kubernetes secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Management Context can authenticate to your management API instance by using either basic authentication or a bearer token. Authentication credentials may either be added inline in the Management Context definition or referenced from a Kubernetes secret.
```

NOTE: If both credentials and a bearer token are defined in your custom resource, the bearer token will take precedence.

== Examples

> The custom resource in the example below refers to a Management API instance exposed at `+https://gravitee-api.acme.com+`, and targets the `dev` environment of the `acme` organization, with the `admin` account, using basic authentication credentials defined in a kubernetes secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom resource in the example below refers to a Management API instance exposed at `+https://gravitee-api.acme.com+`, and targets the `dev` environment of the `acme` organization, with the `admin` account, using basic authentication credentials defined in a Kubernetes secret:
```

Creating a secret to store the credentials:

[source,yaml]
----
kubectl create secret generic management-context-credentials \
  --from-literal=username=admin \
  --from-literal=password=admin \
  --namespace graviteeio
----

Defining a Management Context referencing the secret:

[,yaml]
----
apiVersion: gravitee.io/v1alpha1
kind: ManagementContext
metadata:
  name: apim-example-context
  namespace: graviteeio
spec:
  baseUrl: https://gravitee-api.acme.com
  environmentId: dev
  organizationId: acme
  auth:
    secretRef:
      name: management-context-credentials
----

NOTE: If no namespace has been specified for the secret reference, the management context resource namespace will be used to resolve the secret.

> NOTE: To target another environment on the same API instance, add another Management Context targeting that environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To target another environment on the same API instance, add another Management Context configured to do that.
```

> Although secrets should be preferred to store credentials, credentials can be inlined in the Management Context definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Kubernetes secrets should be the preferred way to store credentials, you can also add credentials inline in the Management Context definition:
```

  auth:
    bearerToken: xxxx-yyyy-zzzz
----

> Or using a kubernetes secret to store the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, here is how to use a Kubernetes secret to store the token:
```
